well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
what the governor of Missouri Mike
parson can learn from my wife a nurse
she's been dealing with what all nurses
have been dealing with lately because
it's everywhere because of people like
the governor the most important thing
that he can learn I think can be
illustrated by her daily routine when
she gets off walk before she leaves the
hospital she sends me a text and that
text is to let me know she's on her way
so I can get prepared for what's about
to happen more importantly I can prepare
the kids for what's about to happen I
can get them their Kendall snack juice
whatever and get them into a room with
their older brother but to see the
younger kids they want a hug mommy as
soon as she gets home but they can't
they can't that's not that's that's not
a good idea that's not safe now by the
time I get this done she's probably home
I go to the door let her know that the
kids are secure her shoes are off
disinfected they stay outside because
walking around can pick it up and then
it can be brought back in on shoes and
with little kids on the floor that's bad
you know so she comes inside shoes off
go straight to the shower clothing goes
to the wash she's taking a shower
her personal belongings anything that
enter the hospital Persky sunglasses
whatever they're getting disinfected
because you know kids like to stick
stuff in their mouths so we have to make
sure that all of that is clean because
if you bring something into a home it
can spread it can be transmitted I know
this sounds really basic but I feel like
it needs to be said because of this
quote
these kids have to get back to school
they're at the lowest risk possible and
if they do get it which they will and
they will when they go to school they're
not going to the hospitals they're not
going to have to sit in doctors offices
they're going to go home and they're
going to get over it
before or after they give it to somebody
else governor the acknowledgement here
is that it will spread in schools he
apparently gets that part but he doesn't
understand that it will spread once it
gets home once they go home give it to
other people
so this is completely ignoring the
parents their co-workers the teachers
the support staff at the school we're
not worried about those people because
most young people will be okay and I
want to stress that most I want to know
exactly how many kids the governor of
Missouri is willing to I don't know let
die to protect Trump's fragile little
ego because that's what this is about we
have to convince everybody that we've
returned to normal when we haven't
because Trump said it and nobody wants
to tell Trump he's wrong nobody wants to
tell the Emperor he has no clothes it
didn't magically disappear convincing
people that were back to normal when
were not is really dangerous look at
Florida that's what happened the
governor took his little victory lap and
cases shot up because everybody thought
it was okay because he refused to
protect his citizens because just like
the governor of Missouri he chose to
protect Trump's fragile little ego
that's more important these governors
are selling out their duty they're
selling out their citizens and they're
selling out their country this man is
not capable of running a house with a
nurse in it
he's certainly not capable of running a
state this is dangerous the
acknowledgement that it is going to
spread in schools is in his statement
but apparently he either doesn't
understand that it'll spread once it
gets home or he believes that the people
of Missouri are too uneducated to
understand that much like a lot of the
ruling class in this country he used
those people who he has a duty to look
out for as below him as expendable as
uneducated unwashed masses it's
appalling anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day